Release version 1.0.0 (#28)
aramis-lab/clinicaio: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Release `1.0.0`

*July 30th 2026*

The first fully-functioning release. This library now supports reading, writing and querying

> BIDS neuroimaging datasets. See the [documentation](https://clinicaio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BIDS neuroimaging datasets. See the [documentation](https://clinicaio.readthedocs.io/en/v1.0.0/) for details.
```
